# Konoha-KaggleLux-AI
Project under the Course Big Data Analytics for Competitive Advantage.
<br><br>
The Lux-AI is a game in which the main goal of the players is to design a bot and compete with other bots in a 1v1 scenario. The bot with the most number of surviving city tiles at the end of the game will be the winner.  So, the objective of the game is to optimize the bot to build maximum city tiles and collect enough resources for them to survive throughout the night when resources are consumed.<br>
The Kaggle Lux package has various inbuilt basic functions which have to be leveraged to perform the above mentioned tasks like research, collect resources, build workers, build city tiles, etc. In addition to optimization of these operations, successful agents must be capable of analyzing their opponents and developing appropriate policies to get the upper hand against the opponent bot.<br>
**Our work**
We worked on creating and improving the bots using the Lux-ai package in Python. The first bot we created was a simple bot which did nothing but stayed in one place. This was the first bot to understand the game and check if we are able to implement all functionalities of the bot. We took the reference of the simple bot given by the Lux Ai team only with all the requirements. This bot was not able to survive the night and the city died. <br>
Our next task was to survive the night which requires collection of resources which are required as a source of fuel for the night time. We opted for wood as it did not require any extra research points, so we created a bot in which a unit i.e. a worker collects the nearby resource and gets it back to the city. We were able to create this and the bot survived the night also. We submitted this bot in kaggle and secured 219 points.<br>
Now that we were able to survive the night we needed to somehow win the battle. Winning the battle requires building more cities. Next task was to build city tiles and gain research points to mine more resources. <br>
The next step was to implement more cities, avoid collisions, and collect enough research points to mine uranium and coal. That submission resulted in a score of 599.<br>
